---
layout: post
title: Week 5 CS 373
---

#### What did I do this past week?

I had three tests and two interviews this week. It was the busiest week of the semester by far but I pulled through. I think I did well on all of my tests even though I don't know my scores yet. Passed one of my interviews and advanced to onsite stage and for the other interview I think I did good enough to get an offer. In my onsite interview I got to fly to Jersey City and meet other interviewers. I had a great time talking with computer science students from all over the country and exchanging our experiences in the job search.  
#### What's in my way?

SWE test is on my way. It is scary considering how detailed some of the quizzes can be. I am especially worried about the reading questions.

#### What will I do next week?

Most of my week will be spent studying for the SWE test. I plan to go over the readings and all of the class notes. I also hope to go through quiz questions as well since I don't really do well on them.

#### What's my experience of the class?

The Atlassian talk was a good experience and an even better grade boost with the free quiz. Learning about the intricacies of Python really opened up my eyes about the language, I think now I appreciate the language a lot more even though it looks a lot like pseudo code. I missed a class this week on Friday for the first time because of an interview and apparently I got roll called. I am a bit sad that roll call grade depends on either luck or never missing a class.  

#### Pick of the week

This past summer I used a Python package called pandas in my internship. It is a data analysis package that makes it easy to parse, analyze and visualize data. I recommend this package to anyone who wants to learn a bit about anything to do with data.

