---
layout: post
title: Week 2 CS 373
---

#### What did I do this past week?

As the classes started to speed up, this week was a lot more busy than the last. I mostly focused on starting the projects for 373 and 363. I was able finish the data mining assignment in 5 - 6 hours but swe seems like is going to take a lot more time. Other than that social dance is fun and challenging in its own way even though its not time consuming. 

#### What's in my way?

The fact that there is not enough time to do all the things I want to do is on my way. Its hard juggling internship applications, grad school applications and school work. Hopefully after I'm done with taking GRE on 21st everything will be a little easier.


#### What will I do next week?

My first priority is finishing swe assignment and getting ready for the career fair. Need to revise my resume once again and print a bunch of them. Other than those I just hope to finish every assignment in time.

#### What's my experience of the class?

The class has started to get harder. I was surprised to see how picky hackerrank was in its time requirement which led me to have a false sense of relaxation. I was expecting to spend around 5 hours on the assignment but the optimizations I had to make to pass all the tests increased the time I spent on the project by a big margin. Other than hackerrank the project itself has a lot of requirements which I have never seen in any other class.    

#### Pick of the week

My pick of the week is signing up for a student account in jetbrains and downloading all their ide's if you are an ide person like I am. With a student account you can download their expensive software for free. Currently I'm using pycharm for doing the swe projects but Clion and Intellij are pretty good as well for C++ and java.

