---
layout: post
title: Week 11 CS 373
---

#### What did I do this past week?

I took my algorithms test last week. I thought it was a pretty challenging test but everybody else seems to think same way so I am not too worried about my grade, I'm counting on a curve. We also finished the IDB4 last week. My main responsibilities were correcting image data in our database, adding new attributes for one for our models and writing new unit tests. For the first time ever we finished the project at least 1 hour before the deadline so it was huge success. Other than that it was pretty free week. I went to Spotify tech talk on how they create personalized playlists. It was a good talk but I thought they could have been a little more detailed on the algorithms they used.  

#### What's in my way?

Nothing is in my way right now. I'm finally free to do whatever I want. I think I'm gonna start working on some personal projects.

#### What will I do next week?

Sleep, eat, go to class, do some homework. I plan to go to Android workshops this week for the first time since my freshman year. Brushing up my Android development skills and starting a new project is one of my plans. 

#### What's my experience of the class?

I'm glad we finally finished doing SQL, at least I hope so. Learning about design principles and refactoring in Java felt great and it definitely grabbed my attention. I missed Wednesdays class because I overslept but from what I heard from my friends the quiz was incredibly tricky and the lecture was not that hard either so I guess I choose a good day to oversleep.  

#### Pick of the week

I am a coffee addict and one of my favorite coffee beans to brew is Wild Gift coffee beans. They are a local coffee roaster in Austin and I especially like their Troublemaker beans. So next time you go out to buy some beans give local roasters a chance, you might end up liking them a lot more than big brands like Starbucks or Dunkin Donuts.
