---
layout: post
title: Week 3 CS 373
---

#### What did I do this past week?

This past week I spent a good amount of time researching companies in career fair, which ones sponsor international students or how interesting the work is at certain companies. I made a rather huge list of companies to talk to and obviously I couldn't even talk to half of them because of time constraints. Nevertheless it was good experience. I got a decent amount of positive feedback, some phone interviews and a lot of hackerrank challenges. I already started doing some of these hackerrank/codility challenges. Other than career fair, next Thursday I will take the GRE for the first time so I did some practice for that as well. 

#### What's in my way?

Homeworks are on my way. The readings I need to do take a lot of time. Figuring out proofs in algorithms is also a huge challenge on its own. 

#### What will I do next week?

I guess I am going to do some vocabulary recap this week for GRE and hopefully finish algorithms homework. I also have a couple phone interviews this week so I might go over basic interview questions just to refresh my memory. 

#### What's my experience of the class?

This week we dived a bit into Python and data structures in it. It was good understanding the working principles of data structures, mutability of them and how they differ from each other. I also really enjoy the constant comparison between Java and Python throughout the lectures. This way of teaching not only improves my understanding of python but it also refreshes my knowledge of java which is very important for the upcoming interviews since I do my technical interviews in java. 

#### Pick of the week

In this weeks software engineering lectures we talked about how python dictionaries work. One thing to note about python dictionaries is that until python 3.6, dictionaries did not preserve the order of elements as they are entered to the dictionary. However in Python 3.6 this changed and now when you iterate over a dictionary the order you get the elements is the same as they are put into the dictionary. I think this is a nice addition to the language that might see usage every once in a while.

