---
layout: post
title: Week 8 CS 373
---

#### What did I do this past week?

It was a relatively calm week. I had time to go to gym. Focus a little bit on social dance and watch the start of NBA. 

#### What's in my way?

IDB3 is on my way and also couple interviews. I worked hard this weekend contributing as much as I can to IDB3 but unfortunately I wont be able do much more because of interviews and other homework's. I hope my group can finish it. 

#### What will I do next week?

This Monday I'm flying to San Francisco to have an onsite with one of my favorite companies. Hopefully I can do well in the interview. Other than that I have another onsite on Thursday in Austin and tons of homework's and projects due Wednesday, Thursday and Friday.

#### What's my experience of the class?

Learning a bit about database terminology and techniques is a nice skill to have and I'm enjoying it. Sometimes though I feel like Dr. Downing is giving a little too much time for us to write down simple functions. I'm not complaining but it can be shorter.

#### Pick of the week

My pick of the week is read computer science related blogs and watch computer science related conference talks. If you want to learn more about Python I especially recommend Raymond Hettinger. He is one of the developers of Python and his talks are some of the best I have seen. He is very talented at teaching stuff and explaining how to code in a more 'Pythonic' way. To be even more specific I recommend his talk named "Beyond PEP 8".   
