---
layout: post
title: Week 12 CS 373
---

#### What did I do this past week?

It was a casual week with a lot of free time. My SWE team and I made a plan for the last project and divided the work. I went to two tech talks this week, intro to command line and intro to accessibility. Intro to command line didn't teach me much, it was mostly consisted of stuff I already knew like jobs and pipes. One interesting fact I learned was emacs and bash have a lot of common keybindings so I guess that's good argument to be made in a vim vs emacs debate. Intro to accessibility was less technical and more demo oriented. One of the apps that was demoed was using mobile application camera to explain the surrounding objects, people and text through audio for visually impaired people. Another project was a chrome add-on that changed the font, color and background of text in web applications for dyslexic people so they have easier time reading. Lastly the importance of having alt text and correct contrast ratio of 4.5:1 between text and background in web and mobile applications was mentioned.    

#### What's in my way?

Last SWE project might take a lot of time so that's in my way. 

#### What will I do next week?

Thanksgiving is coming and a friend invited me to his house for the break so I will spend the holiday there. I hope to finish algorithms homework before the break and SWE project during the break. 

#### What's my experience of the class?

More java is good. I thought my java knowledge was pretty solid after 312 and 314 with Mike Scott but I'm learning a lot of stuff I didn't know before like constraints of dynamic binding and how to code different design patterns like singletons and such.

#### Pick of the week

Next time when you work on a web or mobile project check your color contrast ratio before publishing it. A contrast ratio of at least 4.5:1 is recommended in Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) and it helps people with low vision a lot. 

