---
layout: post
title: Week 4 CS 373
---

#### What did I do this past week?

This past week I participated in two competitive programming competitions, one on Monday and one on Friday and took the GRE test on Thursday. As far as competitive programming goes I'm pretty new to it. Never participated in one until this week and the only reason I started now is that I am hoping solving questions will improve my interview skills. Microsoft's competition was the first one I ever attended and it was pretty fun. Even though I had some trouble at the start with input and output of the problems, eventually I got used it and managed to get 5 questions right out of 8 with my teammate Michael who is also taking SWE. When I participated in Fridays competition I was much more prepared and again I got 5 out of 8 but with a different teammate. Even though number of questions I got stayed the same I will say ACM's questions were harder than Microsoft's questions so I will take it as an improvement. GRE did not go too well but on the bright side I can take it again so its not a problem.    

#### What's in my way?

Tests are coming in the next couple of weeks and I'm not really prepared. Also I have a couple phone interviews which again I feel unprepared. I guess unpreparedness is in my way.

#### What will I do next week?

I plan to start studying for tests this Monday and I also plan to work on 3 programming problems everyday until I get some a decent internship offers.

#### What's my experience of the class?

Class is starting to feel interesting because literally what we do in class has almost nothing to do with our projects. We are getting deeper into Python which is good but our project is still have not took a shape yet. Learning GCP was nice and I am excited to use it. Also having freedom on our web projects definitely makes it more fun to work on it. 

#### Pick of the week

Attend competitive programming competitions. Even though starting out is kind of stressful and involves a lot of making mistakes, at the end it pays off. Its a very fun activity to do with a couple of friends and gives you new perspectives on how to approach programming questions.
