---
layout: post
title: Week 7 CS 373
---

#### What did I do this past week?

I took the SWE test, done a phone interview and watched some League Of Legends world championship games in my free time. I did much better than my expectations on the SWE test in both parts so I am very happy about that. Phone screen went incredibly well as well considering I came up with optimal solutions in very little time.

#### What's in my way?

Its clutch time on interviews. At this time I know I'm not going to be getting any new companies contacting me so I need make good use of my remaining interviews and balance school work in the mean time.

#### What will I do next week?

I will start IDB2 project 3, data mining assignment, watch more league and do more homework. Also NBA regular season is starting this Tuesday with Cleveland and Boston kicking it off so that's super exciting. 

#### What's my experience of the class?

We took the test this week. There wasn't anything particularly surprising about the test. Multiple choice was similar to quizzes and coding part was similar to coding we do in class every once in a while. Only things that surprised me a little were some of the book questions especially the aggregation questions on DD book. Even though I got both of them correct I thought they were too trivial to put on a test but I might be wrong. 

#### Pick of the week

My pick of the week is learn some data mining. This semester I am taking a data mining class and I am amazed how some relatively simple algorithms are able to classify or cluster data with such high precision. Data mining is a very powerful field of computer science and I think there is great value in getting familiar with som`e of the algorithms like Support Vector Machines or Decision Trees. 


