---
layout: post
title: Week 5 CS 373
---

#### What did I do this past week?

Most of my week was spent juggling between various assignments. More specifically I was trying to complete software engineering project, data mining assignment and algorithms homework. At the end I managed to finish all before their deadlines so I am pretty proud of that. Other than school I had one on campus interview and a phone interview this week. I totally failed the on campus one but I think I did well on the phone interview. Nevertheless it was a very busy week. 

#### What's in my way?

This is the first midterms week of the semester. I have three tests and couple more interviews coming up. One interview will be onsite which will cause me to miss the SWE class on Friday and I will add another 0 to my already abysmal quiz average so I am pretty bummed about that. On the bright side the tech talk on Monday evening for SWE class will improve my quiz average hopefully. This weekend I need to make good use of my time and study hard. 

#### What will I do next week?

Next week I'm just gonna take some tests and fly to New Jersey on Thursday for an onsite interview. I have never been to northeast US before and I will have around 1 day of free time after the interview so I'm excited to travel a bit.   

#### What's my experience of the class?

This project was simply hard and time consuming. It was hard because it had a lot of requirements that included various tools and skills. Dividing the work between group members was not that easy either. Some of us ended up doing more work than others. I personally felt like I didn't contribute enough. Nevertheless it was a good experience and I am sure we will be more prepared for the second project.  

#### Pick of the week

As the midterms come closer we need more and more coffee to stay awake and function for longer periods of time. If you are a coffee addict like I am I recommend you to get a Aeropress machine. Its like a french press but it only makes one cup of coffee. Its simple, easy to use and makes good coffee. I personally buy my some coffee beans from Medici since they are close to campus and brew my own coffee. It ends up being cheaper and I think tastes better so definitely worth investing some money and time. 
