---
layout: post
title: Week 10 CS 373
---

#### What did I do this past week?

I had a couple tests and interviews this week. Did well in data mining test, completely bombed the management test because of lack of studying. Interviews went well but I got an offer from my dream company this Friday so at the end, interviews ended up not mattering. I also went to the Under Armor tech talk that was very focused on software engineering and correct practices which was useful.   

#### What's in my way?

The fact that my grades being lower this semester than usual is bothering me a bit. It is mostly because of the busy interview season. I want to focus more and more on my classes and catch up on stuff I missed or didn't understand well. 

#### What will I do next week?

After I take my algorithm test on Monday it is going to be a very chill week for the first time in a long time. I am planning to go the Spotify's tech talk on algorithms behind music taste, it actually sounds really interesting. Other than that I'm gonna watch some NBA, work on SWE project and read some books. 

#### What's my experience of the class?

I thought Mondays lecture on regex was very useful since regex is one of those topics that's never taught in school but always used in real world applications so it fits the SWE curriculum very well. I thought demoing our project on Fridays class was a good exercise. Dr. Downing was very nice, listened to what we did and even gave some advice. 

#### Pick of the week

As a software engineer getting high quality headphones is a very good idea. I personally can't concentrate well when there are people around me in an office like environment but with a noise canceling headphone, I can zone out and code for hours without even realizing I'm in a crowded area. 
