---
layout: post
title: Week 9 CS 373
---

#### What did I do this past week?

This past week I had two big assignments I had to work on. One of them was the SWE assignment and I was responsible for gathering all of the data, designing data models and helping on building the API. We worked until the very last second but at the end it was successful. I am pretty proud of our websites current state but surely it will get much better. Other than assignments I flew to San Francisco for an onsite with a big tech company. Interview went well and after the interview we got a tour of the company campus and demoed various tech tools and had lunch. It was great meeting with other interviewees and getting their opinions on internships, jobs and computer science in general. 

#### What's in my way?

Once again lack of time is in my way. This past week was Halloween and I spent both Thursday night and Friday night working on cs assignments. This weekend I will study for tests and hopefully do well. 

#### What will I do next week?

I have two upcoming tests this week, one for data mining and one for management. I am not too worried about them but still need to put in some work. I also have my very last interview of the this interview season. Its going to be on C/C++ so I need to brush up my knowledge on those since I haven't coded in C for a long time now. 

#### What's my experience of the class?

I was not expecting to learn about SQL in this class but we are actually covering quite bit of SQL. It is very good though. SQL is a relatively simple language after understanding the couple of important functions. 

#### Pick of the week

Use Python in your interviews. One of the most important aspects of doing well in interviews is time management. If you end up finishing the problem you are given before time runs put, the interviewer might add extra complexity to the problem to make it harder or might give another question. Both of these things are very good on your chances of passing the interviews. Using Python is beneficial because you can code a lot with very little number of lines that leaves more time for extra questions and added problems, hence increases your chances of passing the interview.

