---
layout: post
title:  Entire experience of being in CS373
---

This class overall has been a great experience. I came to this class with a decent amount of Python knowledge and was not expecting to learn too much on Python but still ended up learning a lot more than I expected. I enjoyed the first project quite bit, using a meta cache and implementing some of the suggested optimizations was challenging yet enjoyable. I did not enjoy the rest of the projects as much as the first one since I'm not the biggest fan of web development but I came to this class already knowing that. Working in a group environment is challenging. It's hard to expect everyone to put in the same level of seriousness and effort on the project. It is crucial to have a team that is willing to take initiatives and put extra effort. I think at the start, me and my team failed on that aspect. We were not on the same page and we relied on each other too much and did not take enough initiatives. After first project, everything started to fit into places, we started dividing the work more evenly and realized nobody was going to tell us what to do and we had to understand what needs to be done and do it. We had our problems here and there and but the end we ended with a project that I'm proud of.

As far as lectures go, I like the content and don’t like the quizzes most of the time. Content is good in the sense that it is very unique and full of valuable information, it's almost like missing 1 minutes of lecture is a big loss. Compared to other math classes where we do multiple proofs and examples on a single lemma, SWE is very, very compact. The reason I don’t like the quizzes that much is sometimes it feels questions are too detailed and can get frustrating to miss them. Still grading is very fair since there are more than 40 quizzes with at least 5 attendance quizzes and only highest 30 counts towards the grade.

To go into more detail on what I learned in this class, I learned the details of Python, Java and SQL. Multiple design patterns and their implementations in different languages and why they are useful. I learned how to build a database and an API and what it takes to be a productive team member.


