---
layout: post
title: Last Week CS 371p
---
#### What did you like the least about the class? 

I think the fact that we didn't do the hackerranks in class at the end of semester was the one thing I did not like. 

#### What did you like the most about the class? 

Lectures are engaging and I felt like I was learning a lot in the lectures. The roll calling made me pay attention more as well.

#### What's the most significant thing you learned? 

I think static and dynamic binding and how we can turn it on/off in C++ was the most eye opening thing I learned in the class. 

#### How many hours a week did you spend coding for this class? 

On average I'd say 5 hours a week. If its an assignment week probably around 10 hours a week and on non assignment weeks 0.

#### How many hours a week did you spend reading for this class? 

At the start of semester probably 1 hour a week or so but as the semester came to an end, none. 
 
#### How many lines of code do you think you wrote?

My rough estimate is between 2000 - 5000 lines of code.

#### What required tool did you not know and now find very useful?

clang-format is great. I can write ugly code and it just makes it look good. Also makefiles are super useful.

#### If you could change one thing about the course, what would it be? 

I felt like time given for in class hackerrank exercises was always off. We either got too much time to do them or we didn't do them in class at all. I would like to do the hackerrank exercises in class and I feel the given time shouldn't be more than 10 minutes, maybe even 7 minutes.  
