---
layout: post
title: Week 1 CS 371p
---
#### What are your expectations of the class? (special question, first time only)

I want to learn C++ and understand what makes it different than other programming languages. I'm most excited about the assignments since it will give me the most hands on exposure to C++. Comparisons to Java will be very useful too since it makes me understand both languages.  

#### What did I do this past week?

First week of class was busy as usual. A lot of time was spent trying to find classes and planning. I dropped one class because it wasn't fitting my schedule well. Did grocery shopping and cooked. Since its only the first week I had enough free time to play some video games as well.  

#### What's in my way?

Nothing really, I just need to get used to my current schedule and relax a bit. 

#### What will I do next week?

I have to do some readings for my classes next week, more specifically for OOP and Computer Vision. I already have assignments for competitive programming and vision so its going to be a relatively busy second week. I plan to join UT taekwondo club. I'm taking the taekwondo class right now and I think joining the club would be even more fun. 

#### What's my experience of the class?

I already took SWE last semester and from the looks of it, this class will be very similar to it lecture wise but in C++ instead of Python. That's exactly what I wanted from this class anyway so that's good. I already got a 5/5 from the first quiz so its looking very good right now. Also I'm happy about the grading rubric changes, I mean the movement of 30 points from the quizzes to blogs because quizzes can be the one place where students lose a good amount of points so I think getting a high grade will be a little easier this semester.  

#### Pick of the week

During the winter break I played a good amount of Super Mario Odyssey. I think its an amazing game and Nintendo managed to reimagine the platforming game genre once again. The game manages to surprise the player at every turn and in every kingdom. Would definitely recommend it, 10/10.  
