---
layout: post
title: Week 8 CS 371p
---
#### What did I do this past week?

It was a relatively stressful week because of the Computer Vision test. I had to cram a lot of information in a short amount of time but luckily we were allowed to bring a cheat sheet to the test so that made studying a little easier. I still found time to go to clubs and started working on Allocator on Friday with Uri.

#### What's in my way?

Spring break should be pretty chill so hopefully nothing.

#### What will I do next week?

I will be spending my break in Austin mainly because my home is too far away and I didn't do any plans. Luckily I have a few friends staying as well so it shouldn't be too boring. Also I might work on some stuff I was delaying for the whole semester like working on a personal statement for masters application and my CPT visa application.

#### What's my experience of the class?

Last week went well. We talked a lot about the allocator which made the project very clear I'm sure for everybody. I feel pretty confident working on it now but I can't start working on it again until Uri comes back. I might write some unit tests though since that doesn't require much pair programming.  

#### Pick of the week

My pick of the week is codeforces virtual programming contests. These are online competitive programming contests that happen in real time. Questions are usually written by other codeforces users (grandmasters) or they are taken from previous contests that happened in recent history and if the questions are not published. There are two divisions, for people over 1600 elo and for below 1600 elo. I attended a couple of these and question quality is very high. Its also a good measurement on how good you are at these contests before attending a real life one. Since its spring break we have a lot of free time and its good way to keep our programming skills sharp. 
