---
layout: post
title: Week 10 CS 371p
---
#### What did I do this past week?

Me and my partner started on Darwin assignment and made quite a bit of progress. I felt like this project was harder than the previous ones because of high amount of class design and more lines of code. Other than Darwin I went to the Miriam Grobman tech talk on Monday and attended a tech company event on Wednesday which was very fun. 

#### What's in my way?

I have a big assignment coming up due this Tuesday and I didn't even start it yet because I was focusing a lot of my time on Darwin. Hopefully its not too hard. 

#### What will I do next week?

Even though we are passing the tests for Darwin we still need to write unit tests, acceptance tests, make the UML and write comments, so that's a lot of work I need to do next week. Other than that I need to finish up Computer vision assignment, solve some competitive programming problems and amend my tax return because I made a mistake. 

#### What's my experience of the class?

I liked the Darwin assignment which is very similar to Critters from CS314 but also pretty different as well because we need to implement all of the classes ourselves which increases the complexity a lot. I think the fact that row and column numbers need to be modded by 10 needs to be added to the specs since there is no way we could know that. Friday's lecture on move function and double & sign to pass in r-value's was interesting as usual, its a great way to reuse code from copy constructor.  

#### Pick of the week

While working on Darwin I realized that even though C++ STL rand() function uses pseudo-random values and will produce the same values with same seeds, it is not necessarily guaranteed that two different versions of a compiler in different platforms will produce the same values even with the same seed. The reason for that is that the C++ STL does not specify how the rand() is going to be implemented so the rand() function could be implemented differently in different platforms. [Here](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/15109427/why-does-the-c-stdlib-rand-function-give-different-values-for-the-same-seed) is a stackoverflow answer about what I'm talking. 
