---
layout: post
title: Week 9 CS 371p
---
#### What did I do this past week?

I haven't done much this week other than finishing up Allocator assignment. I slept a lot and tried to get my sleeping schedule back on track after the break. 

#### What's in my way?

There are a few assignments on my way coming up like the Darwin assignment for OOP and CV assignment. They are both due similar times so I have to manage my time well.

#### What will I do next week?

Probably work on the assignments a lot and search for a teammate for the Darwin since the extra 5 points is very useful. There are few events I plan to attend next week like the Miriam Grobman talk on Monday, integrated masters information session on Wednesday and a company dinner on the same evening. It's going to be a relatively busy week. 

#### What's my experience of the class?

Allocator project went well. It was explained pretty clearly and we managed to finish it in a relatively short time without too much hassle. As we dived deeper into the vector class we started to learn a lot more about the C++ language as well. Sometimes though I feel like C++ is a bit overwhelming because there is too many design choices to make and there is always some better way to write the code like using friend, adding const or simply passing by reference. Hopefully I will get used to all of the intricacies of the language as we go on and feel more comfortable.

#### Pick of the week

My pick of the week is wearing a wrist watch and the main reason is that it makes you unlock your phone less often and manage your time easier and faster. It doesn't matter what kind of watch though whether it be a smart watch, fashion watch or a Rolex, they are all useful in similar ways. 
