---
layout: post
title: Week 4 CS 371p
---
#### What did I do this past week?

I spent most of my time working on a computer vision assignment in Matlab. It was a unique assignment about content aware resizing of images but Matlab isn't the most fun language to work with and I had my fair share of bugs doing the assignment. Also I went to a competitive programming contest this Friday. I made a team there with a few people I met and we did our best. Unfortunately we didn't do great, I was stuck in a graph problem and approached it in a wrong way and it wasted so much of my time that by the time I solved it, contest was over. Still we got 5/9 questions and had a lot of fun and I hope to do better in the next one.  

#### What's in my way?

It's going to be a busy week so I need to manage my time well. I don't want to sacrifice my club time for homework. 

#### What will I do next week?

I want to finish the voting assignment, competitive programming problems and do some reading for marketing class. I'm also playing a 2D platformer game named Celeste and it is making me waste a lot of time so if I can finish the game fast I will have more time to do school work. 

#### What's my experience of the class?

We did learn about l and r values this week and talked about const in C++ on Friday. Both were enjoyable lectures. I feel fairly confident on my understanding of how consts work now and have some idea why I would want to use them and where would I use them. Even though I did bad in the l and r values quiz I think I get them now as well. 

#### Pick of the week

I have been doing some martial arts this semester both for a class and for a club. I think it is a very unique experience to learn a sport that also comes with a rich history and culture. You learn not only some cool kicks but also some new words in different languages, some human anatomy and where and how to hit people. It also makes you stay healthy and end up making new friends. 

