---
layout: post
title: Week 7 CS 371p
---
#### What did I do this past week?

I had a very busy week. Had to prepare for OOP test and complete my CV assignment. I was able to finish CV at the last minute and I think I did well in OOP exam. Luckily this weeks competitive programming assignments were easy and didn't take too much time so I had time to work on other stuff. 

#### What's in my way?

CV test is coming up and I'm completely unprepared. 

#### What will I do next week?

Most of my time will be spent on studying for Computer Vision. I missed some club time because of OOP test last week, hopefully I will make up for that this week by being extra active. Also I have a test for Karate/Taekwondo PE class but that should be fine. It's just a bunch of coordinated moves which I'm very familiar with.

#### What's my experience of the class?

Test was like what I expected it to be. I think it did a good job of measuring our understanding of different types of iterators and how to make them. We definitely didn't have to memorize much which is a good thing. Only thing that threw me off a little was that in the Digits Iterator problem, the iterator was guaranteed to be used by integers but the tests were still using template notation which didn't allow me to define the variables as integers and had to use templates. I wasted some time because of that but the test had plenty of time anyway so it was not a problem. 

#### Pick of the week

I recommend people to get bidets for their toilets at home. I'm from Turkey and every toilet there has a bidet. When I came here I was very surprised to see bidets are extremely uncommon and nobody uses them. Their main benefit is that they are more hygienic than just using toilet papers and they allow for less amount of toilet paper usage. Overall its a win win situation. You can get one for around 25 bucks from Amazon and they are very easy to install as well.  
