---
layout: post
title: Week 12 CS 371p
---
#### What did I do this past week?

I started on project Life with my partner. We got the program to work in a very hackey way so we are hoping to fix the problems this weekend. I worked on some competitive programming problems as well, more specifically problems related to segment trees. Attended a programming contest this Friday in which I did ok. Lastly I applied to be a proctor for next semester. This is the first time I applied but I hope I get offered some classes. 

#### What's in my way?

There is Longhorn run this Saturday. This is my second longhorn run and I think it's going to be pretty fun since I'm running with one of my student orgs.  

#### What will I do next week?

Finish up Life and start working on computer vision assignment. Also I will register for classes on Wednesday. I have a relatively early date so I'm confident I will get all the classes I want to. NBA playoffs are starting this Saturday and it will be very fun watching some playoff basketball next week. I'm especially excited for the Spurs-Warriors game on Saturday since Spurs are my favorite team.

#### What's my experience of the class?

I didn't do well in Fridays quiz. I guess I don't understand vector as well as I think I do. I enjoyed the lectures on static and dynamic binding and virtual keyword. I thought it was pretty funny how Professor Downing explained how inline keyword could be used for virtual methods even though virtual methods allows for dynamic binding.  

#### Pick of the week

Learn about segment trees. Its a cool data structure in which you can store information about data through intervals. Through these intervals segment tree allows logarithmic time aggregation queries and data updates. I think it could be useful to learn this data structure for anyone who wants to working in a data management related field. 
 
